Proshop is the MERN e Commerce project.

features of Proshop
    Full featured shopping cart
    Product reviews and ratings
    Top products carousel
    Product pagination
    Product search feature
    User profile with orders
    Admin product management
    Admin user management
    Admin Order details page
    Mark orders as delivered option
    Checkout process (shipping, payment method, etc)
    PayPal / credit card integration
    Database seeder (products & users)

Frontend of this project was done using
 react,reactbootstrap for UI,
 icons using fontawesome

Proshop contains header which contains the 
navbar which was constructed by reactbootstrap and the main or homescreen
section used cards from reactbootstrap and footer.

A router allows your application to navigate between different components,
changing the browser URL, modifying the browser history, and keeping the 
UI state in sync.
React is a popular library for building SPAs. However, as React focuses
only on building user interfaces, it doesn’t have a built-in solution for
routing.React Router is the most popular routing library for React. 
It allows you define routes in the same declarative style:

# Frontend or client side
    using react library
    in App.js
        header which is the navbar contains different links like login,
        cart functionalities.
        then the body which routes between the components homescreen
        and productscreen
        homescreen contains all the products and the details and we 
        gonna make http request using axios
        we use reactbootstrap components,fontawesome for icons and 
        reactrouterdom for routing to make our work easy.
        and footer which contains the copyright information.
#backend or for server side
    using nodejs for writing js on server side and has rich library of 
    various javasctipt modules which simplifies the development of web 
    applications and using express framework is used which gives a set
    of features to develop web applications liking set up middlewares,
    routing and allows to dynamically render html pages with the help 
    of template engines.

    dotenv module that  that loads environment variables from a .env file
    into process.env which returns an object with the loaded content used 
    for storing sensitive information .

    we use mongodb a nosql and a schema less database which stores data
    in json-like documents for storing the details or our products,users
    ,orders etc. we use mongoose which is an Object Data Modeling (ODM)
    library for MongoDB and Node.js. It manages relationships between
    data, provides schema validation, and is used to translate between 
    objects in code and the representation of those objects in MongoDB.
    for passwords encryption we use bcryptjs.
    